don't mind me stealing chat data again LOL
I think I didn't have the right console when these games first came out
wait!!! Is this kingdom hearts?
breathe rn but it depends on my mood
Same here Jonny
hiya! hope everyone's doing well!
Welcome
I think it was ps2 and I only had the gamecube
welcome too
KHGuides or KH is fine!
i played kh2 before 1. hollow bastion had so mush more meaning after i went back and played 1
I saw a tik tok yesterday and i never realized how often she references 2 am
What's up
good to see you!
there are so many 2am references
hey there
!
also
the fact that you didn't send me a taylor tok
honestly gamb, that feels personal
is this a turn based game like ff?
You're right
there are quite a few 2am references in Taylor Swift songs
i spent so long trying to beat sephiroth in this one
of all the toks that i'd love, it'd be taylor ones
are you gona get the new music game gomi?
:giggle:
but so satisfying when i did
action rpg
I’ll send you every time I get a taylor swift tik tok
even the ones I don’t like
wait a minute!!! Daddie Sephirot is in this one?!!!
yeah you need to play kh3 fitdy
3rd one on stream hype
*first
Gomi take your time for the face cam, we are gonna be right here
i wanna see the third one
I think that would be cool!
emo haircut, talkin bout ronnie radke up in here, 2010 andy sixx, asking alexandria I can't drown my demons they know how to swim
lol Andy!
i didnt like 3 as much (cant say why of course). its still good, but i liked the other two better
are you afraid it's the end
I get the daunting feeling of approaching a big game
because I can assure you it's very much not the end like no spoilers they've said they're not done lol
SO MANY FWENDS
I'm having a great day thanks for asking
thats also me I started doing facecam when I started streaming but I think I might wait a while when I start up again
welcome

GOMI GOMI GOMI!
welcome in masteroflight
face cam? omg can’t believe we finally gonna know what you look like
we
all the trolls
you know your community has your back!
we'll fight the trolls for you. they're weak against fire
We'll handle the trolls *cracks fingers*
We will fight all the trolls for you Gomi
thanks
appreciate it and thanks
well the opening song is "face my fears", so it's prob made just for you!
right???
lol GAMBIT
Wait gomi you are an adult?
NO NOT STUPID THINGS
VALID THINGS
lol
haha
don’t play miles until after I do for i can watch
it's master of light you said it right the first time
you're not stupid, just doubting yourself!
gomi i read it wrong the first time too!
am kidding but also a little bit not
NO negetive peoples in here
I gotta get the miles morales game! I keep forgetting!