I think I'm 5'6"
melba's home would totally fit in bywater too
too bright for late night streams
i voluntarily use light mode on switch
dark mode freaks me out lol
Ew, brightness
!fortune
aww the intro
princefawns Secret fortune: Giant Acorn. ~ Life: It's possible. ~ Hopes: It's up to you. ~ Karma: No news is good! afores1Cornimer
i'm gonna CRY
nice
how many switches do you have for different islands?
aw, this makes me want to get another switch and start a new island
She has three!
is fruit irrelevant for you now?
New island?! 😯😯
orange airport would be so cozy
amy, i don’t wanna be that person but i think ur flower crown has come unpinned! i don’t want it accidentally flying off!
oooooh cool!
your character looks great Amy
hi everyone
hello hello!
three switch gang <#
*
hey
i stole my wife's switch to start a 2nd island
hi nooklingjunction!
the lake on the top left is interesting
very interesting
the
maps
the town halls all look p close to the airport
I like the bottom right town hall area
bottom left ain't bad
bottom left
none of them are center
top right is most centered
none are centered
I really hope we're able to move our town hall in a future update
peninsulas aren't a huge deal
The way you just were so decisive and picked an island, i could never lmao. We would be here all day if that were me
i forgot about peninsulas when i started my 2nd island and i wish i had found a map with a large penisulas
the second biggest one isn't bad either
we can skip it lolol
can we beg to skip lmao
aww such a throwback to the trailers and directs
lmao my wife was fine with it until age of calamity came out yesterday! ahaha. so i'm back to working on my first island for the time being
bridge rules are a cursed element LOL
wow you see town hall right away in the flyover
Aw I remember when I just started playing... so innocent so ignorant 😂😭 I placed my town hall so wrong 😑
omg ur villagers


aww GOOD STARTERS!!!!!!!

wowie that green is VIBRANT
yay agnes!
Yeah! Agnes!!
agne and....rudy?
I had frikken annabelle and biff tf you got rudy and agnes
i love rudy
Queen Agnesss
Agnes and Rudy!


Omg I miss when the nooklings would roam the island
i kind of dig how far to the right the town hall is
the green do be staring into my soul
i’m indifferent about it
rudy and agne are such a cute pair to start with
omg LOL


It's okay but let's reset again
I feel like town hall was still pretty close
the hardest part about resetting is knowing when to stop
fun fact: rudy is supposed to be based off of rudolph!
round 2: electric shirealoo
i'm super tempted to borrow my brother's switch to make a new island now!
Oh, I actually like that big beach rock! And two amazing villagers, a great starting fruit, RS is in a pretty good spot. I'd pick that island
Oh... nevermind lol
bahaha can't go first choice therapy!!
on my kidcore island i got tybalt (a big sweetie, very much grown attached) & cherry.
ha, i'm with you therapy
Lisa, yes you can!
amy don't forget to take notes of what you like/don't like or maps you may want to refer back to later
really wish my islands' town halls were further from the airport rip
i wish my town hall were farther from my airport
ooh we looking for a map!
I would've picked that, that was such a good choice
for a shire theme i'm not sure if the default map makes much a difference? since shire is all hills really
oranges would be unrealistic, they didnt have them in those days
mo' islands, mo' probelsm
Maybe the third level should take up more of the island than the other levels? Idk I'm thinking more cliffs will make houses tucked on the first level feel more hobit-y?
aw, thanks! but the island is still super fresh haha no eyes allowed
I really need a new switch... this is making me want to get a new island
zero centered :c
nope
oh wow top left was my starting map

that's valid
let's re-roll
I got my RS centered without trying lol but I really like the top right
oh yeah re-roll
hm yeah these aren't looking strong
my town hall is painfully close to my airport lol
Top right looks so good...
didnt think of that lol
fruit isn't a problem if there are NO FRUIT hahaha
i don't mind having the town hall near the airport. it feels like you have more freedom with the rest of the island layout. im not usually playing online though so my airport entrance doesnt matter as much to me
i'm alone in liking my RS being closer to the airport haha, i like just kind of getting it out of the way i guess
xD
*jumps down from ceiling* hello there
Hello!
round three! let's see what we get
You SHOULD"VE picked the first one!
Me too andrew! When i do trades or visit friends, i usually forget something and need to pop back to RS or my house. I like having them close by
do you want money for your loans?
ahhh autocorrect does not like usernames sry *andrewed
nook: "i can't wait to see what she does with this island"
amy: bulldozes it in the first week
Are you setting up a new island?
ah that's true as well! it's really practical
do you want money for your debts?
I have max bells so its no biggie
