i have all the godzilla but don't have all the robot heroes
Good night Bee. Night everyone. Enjoy your Sunday.

I now wanna make a robot army to protect my godzilla
I am able to make at least 3-4 robot heroes
customize cost many kits
but they use a lot of materials
i just kept mine red
after 3 days if no sleep should I A. sleep l8r or B
redbull
i need 200 of the puppy items
Omg puppy and robot army
well 5 each day right?
lmao
sleep? no forming a coup to over throw isabell!
Im gonna go on nookazon to start my army

5 each day of what?
bring back her brother
Isabelle is a bell (bag)
Time to go ruin isabelle for myself
ok bee im going to be heading out for the night but i hope you have an amazing rest of your stream!
isabell's twin?


your so sweet bee no problem
!so
Y'all better check out MonicaWindsor! They were last seen playing Animal Crossing: New Horizons over at
I wish they had done like the tom nook/ Sable friendship thing that they talked about in the other game
her brother
she has one
oh my god she is a bell bag
Yooo how do you have all of those?
no he appears
Digby (ケント, Kento?) is a dog who is in charge of the Happy Home Showcase in New Leaf, and is the younger twin brother of Isabelle.
i'm talking about digsby
it it

you didnt know??
!villager Digby
Couldn't find the specified villager
did you mean Iggy?
oop
hmm
WHAT THE HONK ITS ISSABELLES BROTHER
!honk
HONK HONK
!honk
oop
WHAT THE HONK!!!!
Digby has a relaxed personality much like his sister, Isabelle. He is patient and very straight-forward, although he sometimes feels concerned about his job being the gate guard of the Happy Home Showcase area. He also gets along with his sister Isabelle, as she does also.
i'm going to be going in and out of u and kats stream so!
never search up why a chainsaw was invented ok
i did't
I didn't know but that isn't saying much
lé hóńk
I broke 5 shovels already in one day.. is that a bad thing?
She said she's playing AC today
I didn't know
shes playing AC
and the other one tomorrow
of course
Thank you for following YunaiLynn!
Today AC, tomorrow console kitty
can I tell her too?
It's my vibe
wait should i bring her here?
I am aware
just tell her?
Ok!
remember when you could wake up nook and enter the shop at night but he'd be grumpier than usual and i think prices where higher
I never take the tail off
I work from home now I don't have to
love the headphones-!! also best laugh 10/10 😁
c xxxxx,9++9
omg my cat just did that
im going to call it a night byee beee :3
you could i believe you attacked shop with shovel
You can call me Yunai! actually you're the first person to pronounce it right lol
she said "oh im down"
ok!
i'll check
berd was there as well
happy happy!
Yes, it's the name of my first oc so it just kinda stuck
ahhh cheatbooks. I remember those
I remember playing Ocarina of Time on N64 and going to school every day and discussing problems we found in the game
She has a cardboard laptop to play on while I'm using mine, but she still feels the need to sit right on my keyboard
all we had was up down up down a b a b
Like.... talking to real people instead of googling walkthroughs
Madness
YES
yea that star stumped me too
I think I got caught on the same one
In-N-Out is making shoes
i found a vid that came out months before i looked it up
I found that first try on a pure accident
Animal Crossing e+ hit the entrance with shovel
it was around 2010 for me
Yeah I definitely didn't get it on my original play through. by the time I 100% it relatively recently there were walkthroughs lol
I thought I was the only one who organizes things like this in this game lol
Hello!💕
omg I can't wait to catalog the dinosaurs

present
that thought is so satisfying 😍 organized by colors and such, yesss
wait are we gonna be able to catalog everything or one variation of each?
gross
i tok a nap and your still not done
lmaooi
i just want the reindeer outfit
That's a lotta progress tho
be patient neo :3
rainbow dino
I can get bring it over if you want
Maddi claus back at it
I havent seen the turkey
turkey outfit??
so you can go to full sleep Neo this isn't even being done until tmrw (not trying to be rude(
We got it birds don't worry
ok srry
wood egg lol
